Extended documentation in `README.md` (#47)
pybamm-team/pybamm-cookie: README.md

pybamm_cookie.__version__
```
### Project Layout
```bash
.
├── .github
│   └── workflows
├── docs
│   └── _static
├── src
│   ├── pybamm_example_project
│   ├── models
│   │   └── input
│   │  

> │   ├── parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   └─ parameters
```

> ├── .github
> │   └── workflows
> ├── docs
> │   └── _static
> ├── src
> │   ├── pybamm_example_project
> │   ├── models
> │   │   └── input
> │   │  
> │   └─ parameters
> │       └── input
> │  
> ├── tests
> │    ├── generated_project_tests
> │    │  
> │    └── user_tests
> ├─ noxfile.py
> └─ pyproject.toml

Reviewer: It would be good to enumerate other folders as well (`workflows/`, `input/`, ..., or just add `└── ...`)
```suggestion
├── .github
│   └── workflows
├── docs
│   └── _static
├── src
│   ├── pybamm_example_project
│   ├── models
│   │   └── input
│   └─ parameters
│       └── input
├── tests
│    ├── generated_project_tests
│    └── user_tests
├─ noxfile.py
└─ pyproject.toml
```

> ├── noxfile.py
> └─ pyproject.toml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
├─ noxfile.py
└─ pyproject.toml
```

> ├── pyproject.toml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
└─pyproject.toml
```

- `src/` is wraps the main package files, under a directory with your specified project name. This is where you'd be writing all your code.
    - `models/input/` - Contains the source code for battery models. Refer [here](https://docs.pybamm.org/en/latest/source/api/models/index.html) to learn how to write your own battery models.
    - `parameters/input/` - Contains the source code for parameters sets. Refer [here](https://docs.pybamm.org/en/stable/source/api/parameters/parameter_sets.html) to learn more on parameter sets.
- `tests/` The tests directory contains two sub-directories -
    - `generated_project_tests/` - Contains pre-defined tests for verifying if the units inside generated project work well. It can be verified using `nox -s generated-project-tests` command.
    - `user_tests/` - This directory contains all the user written tests, the example tests can be copied and modified as per your own needs. We suggest you use [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) to write tests. The tests can be then run by executing `nox -s user-tests`.
- `noxfile.py` contains basic `nox sessions` for building documentation and runnings tests.

> - `pyproject.toml` has basic project configuration and build backend configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pyproject.toml` has project metadata and build backend configurations.
```

> - `github/workflows/` has all the basic CI configurations to automate tests and builds on [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).

Reviewer 2: It is not good practice to hyperlink the word "here" with URLs – it isn't very descriptive of what the link refers to and has negative accessibility implications.

More information is available below: 
1. https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/06/links-should-never-say-click-here/
2. https://www.accessguide.io/guide/descriptive-link-text

## 🚀 Motivation

> This project aims to enhance the usability of PyBaMM for both newbies and experienced users alike by providing standardised templates that incorporate best practices and automation tools. The `pybamm-cookie` template is set to lower the barrier to battery modeling, making it easier for the research community to adopt PyBaMM for their battery modeling projects. The project also supports model entry points and parameter set entry points, allowing community contributors to create and share models/parameter sets of their repositories using the copier template without directly adding them upstream. This would not only let community contributors retain ownership and choose license terms but also grant flexibility to the PyBaMM team in supporting models, Including all of GitHub’s functionality and infrastructure contained within the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project aims to enhance the usability of PyBaMM for both newcomers and experienced users alike by providing standardised templates that incorporate best practices and automation tools. The `pybamm-cookie` template is set to lower the barrier to battery modeling, making it easier for the research community to adopt PyBaMM for their battery modeling projects. The project also supports model entry points and parameter set entry points, allowing community contributors to create and share models/parameter sets of their repositories using the copier template without directly adding them upstream. This lets community contributors retain ownership and choose license terms and also grants flexibility to the PyBaMM team in supporting models. Support for all of GitHub’s functionality and infrastructure is contained within the template.
```

(nit): a more formal word for "newbie" and a few grammar corrections

> This project aims to enhance the usability of PyBaMM for both newbies and experienced users alike by providing standardised templates that incorporate best practices and automation tools. The `pybamm-cookie` template is set to lower the barrier to battery modeling, making it easier for the research community to adopt PyBaMM for their battery modeling projects. The project also supports `model entry points and parameter set entry points`, allowing community contributors to create and share models/parameter sets of their repositories using the cookiecutter template without directly adding them upstream. This would not only let community contributors retain ownership and choose license terms but also grant flexibility to the PyBaMM team in supporting models, Including all of GitHub’s functionality and infrastructure contained within the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project aims to enhance the usability of PyBaMM for both newbies and experienced users alike by providing standardised templates that incorporate best practices and automation tools. The `pybamm-cookie` template is set to lower the barrier to battery modeling, making it easier for the research community to adopt PyBaMM for their battery modeling projects. The project also supports model entry points and parameter set entry points, allowing community contributors to create and share models/parameter sets of their repositories using the copier template without directly adding them upstream. This would not only let community contributors retain ownership and choose license terms but also grant flexibility to the PyBaMM team in supporting models, Including all of GitHub’s functionality and infrastructure contained within the template.
```
